Lan Lan, are you still sleeping?
What's going on with Sining?
I sent your photos to social networks
After being carried by a big v
And it went viral on the Internet.
I'm coming to become an Internet celebrity
Internet celebrity
That's right.
Another clothing brand contacted me last night.
Ask if you can go and make a promotional video for them.
Pay him well
Don't you want to earn money to raise a baby?
Why don't you try it?
Yeah I want to make money to raise a baby
I also want to pay back the money in the forbidden pool and divorce him
OK, I'd like to try.
Boss, you and
Brother Jinchi, I am an adult today and can wear makeup.
How do you like it?
I'm worried.
Thanks.
Don't understand what I'm saying
Ah!
Thank you. Thank you
It's all in your heart
I know it's so ugly
Here it comes, don't be nervous.
You are really beautiful today.
Be confident.
Miss Xia, why did you come in person?
Come inside please
I heard about the anniversary of your clothing brand
Invited a lot of places and red cards exclusive
Yes, you are also interested in this activity.
I like your copper set very much.
This spot is reserved for me.
Miss Future
This suit is called Zitong
In ancient times, on the grounds of children
The symbol of the son is the distinguished guest in the tomb
It's the nickname for Empress Masamiya
It is also the main style of our season.
I think it matches your temperament very well.
I hope you wear it to take a promotional photo for us.
Do you like it?
Manager Chen, since we have reached an agreement
Then sign the contract
Of course the contract is ready